Repositories:
Archive - Contains all of my unfinished and old crap in case I or You ever need it.
Aviary - Actually playable maps and templates?



	Train REBUILT [L+U]

- History
This is one of my oldest templates, first version being made in like 2022-23.
Special thanks to Toine, homm3watcher and ordulops for having tested it back then.
Template was originally a simple take scrolls, traverse through zones while getting boxes then get to rich neutral desert with many not heavily guarded mediocre relics. Game would take around a quarter.

Due to recent influx of 1 hero, speedrun to the desert while getting OP boxes templates, such as: mtJO_turbo, Vietnamese Diplomacy, JO community and Animal Lane; Train is being REBUILT.

- Rules
1 Hero
Play on 160% difficulty, NO water, STRONG monsters (classic options for PvP games)
Recommended Timer: Chess 1 min, Simultaneous Turns: 125, Tournament Rules: ON
Whoever controls the middle desert castle by 211 or wins a fight against the other player is a winner.

- Info
Starting Zone and 3rd Zone after it, have: Underground Gate, creatures always willing to join for gold (50/75%), some mines and a bunch of Refugee Camps. Starting Zone also can have up to 2 Town Portal scrolls (not guaranteed).

Ground zones usually have a few high tier Creature Dwellings and Resource Banks (favors building).
Underground zones usually have a few Creature Banks and random Pandora Boxes (favors tempo).
Pandoras and Dwellings are RELATED to your starting town!

Desert contains a bunch of mines, artifacts, random Pandora Boxes and Exotic Dragon dwellings. Despite those, it is not as rich as usual Jebus template.

Most spells which are disabled on Duel, such as Implo or Slow are here too, additionaly no Fly, DD.
MANY artifacts disabled, too many to list, you can look inside the template to see for yourself.



	Pirate Wars REBUILT [L+Water]

- History
This was my first ever template which I unfortunately decided to make water based.
It wasn't released up until the release of Factory, when I decided to rebuilt it whole in somewhat hectic way.

It is being REBUILT according to some old ideas that I've had for it, but incorporated better.

- Rules
8 Hero
Play on 160% difficulty, NORMAL water, STRONG monsters
Recommended Timer: Casual 8-4-2 min, Simultaneous Turns: 117, Tournament Rules: ON
Whoever controls the middle grass castle by 141 is a winner.

- Info
Starting Zone has Admiral Hat and some Shacks and Frigates.  Admiral Hat is not guaranteed, some generations fail. No technical resets. It is connected to Rough Zone and Snow Zone.
Rough Zone has Medusa Stores, Pirate Caverns and a Wolf Raider Picket.
Snow Zone has Ancient Lamps, Experimental Shops and an Ivory Tower.

After having visited those to go any further you must sail. You may find some tiny Islands with Exotic Dragon Dwellings on your way to the Treasure Island in the middle! Sometimes Treasure Island is only accesible through Monoliths located on those tiny Islands.

Besides on the seas you may find Beholder Sanctuaries and Temples of the Sea.
Treasure Island contains a Griffin Conservatory, Library of Enlightenment and of course a lot of Gold Pandoras.



	Plains of Salt 1.2 [H+U, XH+U]
- History
It was originally designed to replace the two custom templates I've played with two friends, by adding guaranteed control after you go far enough and with potential for month long games where you spend most of them farming very rich zones. It was inspired by Vietnamese Diplomacy, yet it isn't as crazy as it. The Diplo Super Zones used to have unlimited Topes, 75% diplo and could be your starting faction, that was crazy.

- Rules
1 Hero
Play on 160% difficulty, NO water, STRONG monsters (classic options for PvP games)
Recommended Timer: Casual 2-1-0:30 min, Simultaneous Turns: 141, Tournament Rules: ON
Whoever first loses hero, loses. Since there's four treasures, there's no "one" middle, game can potentially go on forever.

- Info
You start in a poor zone with two sawmills, an ore pit and few low level dwellings.
Road splits into two rich zones which usually generate a lot of hives and pickets.

From them road splits to second town zone or to the control zone.
Second town zone has same faction as the one you started with, it also has Griffin Conservatories and few high tier dwellings.
Control zone is a junction with very thin paths, has 6 control scrolls and a Conflux town.

In your starting biome there are two 90k guards leading to the underground treasuries.
There are 4 of them in total and there are 2 types:
Box Super Zone – with unlimited amount of t6 and t7 unit boxes
Diplo Super Zone – with up to 15 of topes, 50% of guards join for gold.
Each Super Zone is limited to 6 Libraries.